Adding a contributing guide (#186)
rungalileo/docs-official: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

For larger changes, including re-writing parts of a page, adding new pages, contributing cookbooks etc. please do the following:

- If you are a Galileo employee, raise a ticket in shortcut. Reach out on the #documentation channel in Slack if you need help
- For everyone else, raise an [issue](https://github.com/rungalileo/docs-official/issues). This way we can work with you to discuss the change before you submit a PR.

> If you raise a large PR without a corresponding ticket, it will be closed.

## Pull request template

When you raise a pull request, there is a template to fill in. Add the following:

- Add a description of the change, including what was changed and why.
- Add a link to the relevant ticket.

  - For Galileo employees, add a link to the Shortcut ticked in the form `[SC-xxx]()`, where the test is `SC-` followed by the ticket number, linking to the ticket. For example, `[SC-27352](https://app.shortcut.com/galileo/story/27352)`. This is the correct format for Shortcut to pick up and attach the PR to the ticket
  - For everyone else, add a link to the issue number using `#number`, and GitHub will create the link

>   - If this is a small change such as a spelling mistake without a ticket, add a note about this

Reviewer: Slight rewrite of line 35 suggested to provide example:

- If this is a small change such as a spelling mistake without a ticket, add a note about this, such as "Minor spelling fix, no ticket"

>   - If this is a small change such as a spelling mistake without a ticket, add a note about this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If this is a small change such as a spelling mistake without a ticket, add a note about this, such as "Minor spelling fix, no ticket"
```

> - Work through the checklist, and tick off every step as you verify it. This is not a box ticking exercise, it is meant to ensure everyone methodically verifies their PR and reduces time spent by the reviewers catching silly errors that should have been caught by the submitter.

Reviewer: Suggest using ** to make "this is not a box ticking exercise" bold

  - **Is this ready for review? If not, raise as a draft PR**

    If this PR is ready to be reviewed, check this box. If no, please mark the PR as draft until it is ready for review.

  - **This deployed to a staging environment correctly**

>     Mintlify will deploy all PRs to a staging environment. Once done, the PR will be updated to show this, including a button to view the deployment. Check this box when your final changes have been deployed successfully.

Reviewer: Maybe include an image of what the mintlify staging environment will look like on a PR?

Looks like you might have below

    ![The deploy button](./images/deploy-button.webp)

  - **I have reviewed my changes**

    Please review all your changes thoroughly, and check this when you are happy with them.

  - **I have reviewed the deployed version of my changes**

    Once the deploy is finished, review the final deployed version, checking things like:
    - If this is a new page, it is in the navigation bar and loads correctly
    - Code is readable
    - Images are showing

  - **I have tested any code that is added or updated**

    If you are adding any code snippets, ensure that the code works and you have tested it in the context of the page it is on.

  - **I have verified all images and videos are clear, with appropriate zoom**

>     Images and videos need to be clear with readable text for all users. Make sure that on the deployed site with the available page width all text is readable and the image or video shows the correct amount of detail.

Reviewer: Not a must have, but at some point adding examples of both good and bad would be nice here

![The diataxis framework](https://diataxis.fr/_images/diataxis.png)

#### Tutorials/Cookbooks

Tutorials (referred to as **cookbooks** in our docs) are hands-on, practical lessons that guide the user through a learning experience. This teaches users an end-to-end lesson that they can then apply to their scenarios later. These should reflect real-world scenarios, and have a good balance of simplicity with a real outcome.

**Audience** - someone seeking a deeper understanding of the product. Can be beginner to experienced.

**Examples** - build a weather app to learn the basics of agent evaluations, a tutorial using a Python notebook for experiments targeted at data scientists, or a tutorial adding evals to an agentic app using LangGraph for an AI engineer.

When creating a cookbook, use the [Tutorials template](#tutorial-template) described later in this guide.

Cookbooks are all grouped in the [Cookbooks](https://v2docs.galileo.ai/cookbooks/cookbooks/overview) section of our documentation. These are grouped by functional area of the type of application you are building.

> Cookbooks can be for only one programming language, as they are usually dependent on integrations with third-party components, such as LangGraph, or MongoDB. When you create a cookbook, tag it with the relevant programming language in the front matter:

Reviewer: Maybe link the langraph/mongo cookbooks?

  - **I have reviewed broken links either from the checks, or by running `mint broken-links` and I haven't introduced any new broken links**

    Ensure there are no broken links by either running `mint broken-links` on your PR, or checking the output of the checks run by Mintlify. Note that there will always be a few with links to API docs that are generated on deploy, so validate you haven't added any new broken links.

  - **This references a feature that is public. If not, add a note and we can schedule the merge for after the feature release**

    For Galileo employees, if you are documenting an upcoming feature, add a note on this with the release information. That way we can hold off on merging the docs until the feature is released.

If this template is not completed, the PR will not be reviewed. If a PR stays open for too long with an incomplete template, it will be closed.

## Docs authoring guide

This section covers some best practices for authoring docs that we follow.

> > These best practices are a recent addition, and our existing documentation may not completely align with them. If you are editing an existing doc that doesn't follow these best practices, think about if it is the right time to align to these.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These best practices are a recent addition, and our existing documentation may not completely align with them. If you are editing an existing doc that doesn't follow these best practices, use the following framework to decide a course of action:

1. Can the document be aligned with relatively minor changes, such as adding or changing section titles, or re-wording paragraphs to focus their intent on (Tutorials/How-To/Reference/Explanation)? 
  - If YES, make the changes and note them in your PR
1. Does alignment require more work, like shifting some content into a separate page?
  - If YES, create a ( Shortcut Task or Github Issue, as required ) and notify the Galileo team of the need
1. Does the lack of alignment _block_ your ability to edit or link to [ an unaligned document ]? 
  - if YES, create a ( Shortcut Task or Github Issue ), _**note that it is a blocker**_, and notify the Galileo Team.
```
